Aim:
A motivational and welcoming workout app, aimed at beginner and busy people, focuses on making the users feel good at every step. Forming new habits is not easy. People often plan to adopt a healthier lifestyle and give up due to various reasons. This app will help to make a healthy lifestyle accessible by letting people form healthy habits easily.
And our app aims to improve health. Poor diet causes diseases and lack of exercise makes people more prone to depression, low self-esteem, obesity, and can even lead to dangerous health problems such as cancer. Our useful and welcoming workout app can support them to do the exercises in the right way and motivate them. By providing them various services including meal plan and tutorial, and making them feel good just to have tried instead of pressuring them, people can form a healthy habit of working out easier and keep it for longer. In the long term, this will help many people improve their physical and mental health.
 
Goals: 
Be welcoming and friendly: Many workout applications are not friendly and kindly to beginners. It means that beginners are having a difficulty in comprehending pose and managing routine and diet. For these reasons, we will describe the pose, routine, and diet step by step so that every person can understand it easily.
Offer motivation: For motivating exercises, people need some purpose or someone that affects them to keep doing it. These can be weight, muscle, health, or lover, idol, and some influencers. However, we will make these people write specific goals that they want to achieve. Also, we will make an idol session that can make an ambitious person make a body like them or if I become a toned body, I can make a boyfriend or girlfriend look like them.
Form a social network consisting of other users/ people who workout: For getting motivation, making friends and partners that can share the feedback, knowledge and experience is a great idea. We will form a server and buy a domain. After that, we will form a social network for workout people.
Curate accurate information: Beginners can’t decide well what is reliable and accurate information. Also, Information is being updated because of science research. For example, In the past, sit up was a very common exercise to develop people’s abs. But, this exercise harms people’s back and spine really hard. Reliable information is very important but also, updated information too. However, we will update the information that refers to reliable resources and inform efficient and harmless exercises.

What will your project do?
Our project will be….
Making our original application - As you read other parts in our report, there are many applications that are related with workout. However, In our opinion, many workout applications in the Appstore and Playstore are useless, not kindly, and friendly to basics. Most of the reasons for these happenings are loss of knowledge and experience.  For example, there’s no doubt that there is a big gap between the person who already has workout experience or doing sports before and the person who doesn’t have workout experience and never moves their body. But, most workout applications are aimed at experienced people. After basic people follow the steps and goals in the application, people are being exhausted and they quit it easily. This is why they are not kindly and friendly to basics. Basic people cannot follow goals and progress and comprehend well what they do and are suitable for them. On the other hand, our application will contain both experienced and basic people. 
Making applications that users can contact reliable and current information - Workout is one of the industries. There is much research about more efficient and effective exercises. If people want to improve their health or muscle more efficiently, they need current information. Also, If they don’t, they also need news. Because some exercises can not be effectful or harm the body like Sit-Up that can harm spine health. In addition, many health supplement advertisements have appeared. And also many fake health supplements that don't have many benefits or have different materials are appearing. For example, “Supreme Testosterone booster” is a well known health and protein booster. Last December, it shocked every workout person because it contained sort of steroid material. Steroid can help to get power and advance muscle but it is addictive and gives critical effects. Normal people can be a steroider if they consume wrong supplements. In conclusion, reliable and current information is significant to workout circumstances.
Making users be a friend with workout - How can we get more effect when we are doing workout? Managing diet and timetabling is a good idea. But, it is hard to follow the plan everyday. We mitigate their difficulties for providing meal and time table function. Users can easily record meals, calculate their calories, and continue doing workout regularly. Also, make basics to get more knowledge and tips, we will promote social network services that basics and experts can be connected to, share tips, and make friendship.

Developer : Building an application is like building a structure. In this aspect, developers are builders and designers. They decide the whole outfit and detail of the application and solve the critical problems. If critical problems(bugs) are sustained, it will collapse the structure. Therefore, their roles are important to maintain the application. Also, their works contain the start of the project to end. Their job estimates most of the project. It means the developers have to communicate with other team members and divide the working well. Quality of application depends on their experiences of team working and tools used.

Taesung:
Whole progress of the report is great. All one tends to write their parts before the deadline that we arranged before. And I think everybody participates well in writing and helping each other when they have difficulties and barriers. But, In my opinion, we have to communicate regularly. And I was so surprised about everybody’s writing skills and ideas. Liam’s designing skill is also impressive. In the past, there were many differences in participation when I had a group interaction. That was so annoying. However, I was so happy all group members are having an appropriate attitude and respect each other. In this assignment, Taehyeon joins our group. I worried about her because she wasn’t a group member at assignment2. So, there could be difficulties in comprehending our group project and assimilate the new group. But I am surprised about her adoption and learn from her skills of adoption and cooperation in the new circumstances. At this time, I don’t use much Github. I usually use google doc rather than Github. But, I recognize Github is better. Because Google doc can’t save the backup data and load them. But, Github can do it. I have to use Github more the next time.

Taesung:
Quan: His designing skills are great. I was so surprised at the small detail in the last report’s image, his presentation intro video. And also he is so helpful when I forget some detail parts and modify informal languages and words to formal words. And he has a great habit of writing notes every moment. I have to learn these parts from his side. There’s nothing to improve for him
JaeJun: Since at the beginning of the assignment 2, he has done a great job. His writing skills are impressive. Everythings is ok except he has to communicate more in the group chat.
Taehyeon: She has great writing skills and keeps reminding me when I make a mistake in a small part. I was surprised when I saw her collaboration skill and I actually wondered if she can have difficulties in comprehending our group idea and project because she joined the group just for this assignment but It’s my mistake. I think there’s nothing to improve for her.
Me: While I am participating in a group project, I recognised that there’s some difficulties in my english grammar and my knowledge of words. I think I have to repeat it more.
