To apply for my ideal jobs more professional, I need field experiences and knowledge, skills for IT tools and C languages. So while attending the university, I want to be an expert in the C languages. To be more friendly with C languages, I will make a basic program based on each language. After that, before I graduate university, I think I will have two decisions, trying to find companies that I can get internship and field experiences. Or trying to make our own business with my friends. I have a lot of ideas that can be possible and succeed in the market.
Right now, my ideal job is a white hacker. But, I keep considering my career plans and may be my ideal job and career path can be changed. These days, I am considering going to graduate school. There, studying about machines and robots that can be manipulated by the brain. I think it will be helpful for hard work people and mostly disabilities.
In conclusion, I chose my ideal job but I keep thinking about my career path. So, I want to collaborate with IT people and study more to choose my specific career path.

I use Git repository when I share the documents or files like presentation script and prototype images. Also, It is good to look up the history of development and participations.
	
Topic
Our application is a super-app that helps users build a habit of working out and eating healthily by providing them with motivation and encouragement. Our target demographic are beginners, people who are getting started need motivation, who might don’t have a lot of experience with working out. As you know, one of the big trends these days is health and exercises. But, many people are having difficulties learning about subjects like diet, exercises, postures, and how to turn working out and eating healthy into a habit. So, this application can help these people achieve that goal. 
There are many functions that are related to helping with workout. Our main goal is being more friendly with users than other applications and giving them encouragement and motivation to workout. Most applications show too complicated contents to understand and usually make users pay for getting content. But, our application is for beginners and busy people so it will explain easily what they can do and simple exercise. Also, it is free for everyone to approach all contents. However, an app with no way to monetize would not be able to grow. So, to balance between being accessible to users and making money, we will only monetize access to professional PTs and dieticians, who will tailor specific plans for the user. To motivate people (but never push), we will show examples of diets, routines, messages and cheers from friends, user’s streak, as well as other users' transformation.
