What does it do?


Computer security or cybersecurity is the protection of servers, computer, networks, electronic systems, and data from the theft called hacker, or disruption, or misdirection. It's also known as information technology security or electronic information security.
The internet and wireless network such as Wifi and Bluetooth are developed and also people are using smart devices more common, cybersecurity becomes a more significant part of recent years.
There are 5 sorts of cybersecurity. critical infrastructure, application, network, cloud, and Internet of things. 
Critical infrastructure is a critical thing that we commonly use and face. For example, electricity grid, water purification, traffic lights, shopping centers, and hospitals. Critical infrastructures are very fragile to the cyber attack because of using the internet. So the organization that has the operation of it should provide plans for against and defend these attacks.
Application security is one of the best ways to protect your system from cyber threats. There are three types of application security, antivirus programs, firewalls, and encryption programs. Application security is to prevent and tackle external threats, and unauthorized access. Also, companies can detect and protect sensitive data through this application.
Network security commonly used against the unauthorized intrusion of internal networks. It secures infrastructure access from outside threats. In these days, it develops to use machine learning to alert threats immediately. There are many examples of this type like extra logins and new passwords.
And these security technologies make "Cloud" appeared. Cloud security is a security tool that is based on the cloud so protect user's resources and information. And cloud's administer advances this tool more secured. Many people believe that their physical server and hardware feel more secured than a "Cloud" service. But, according to research, it's not true. 	 
Internet of things, called IoT security, is including critical and non-critical cyber-physical systems such as security cameras, televisions, sensors, that we use things widely. Especially, IoT products are very vulnerable because they have limits of security patching. Study shows that security is one of the significant parts of IoT. And they suggest that providers should have to learn more about security issues and implement more solutions.
As a result, cybersecurity is very important to secure data. Because hackers keep progressing and developing their hacking skills.
For this reason, many organizations, systems, and countries are having a cybersecurity.
Financial systems such as commercial banks, SWIFT, and investment banks are prominent targets. In the web site, they accept and store personal, financial information so hackers threaten it. These information have a lot of potentials. They can manipulate the market, make a bank account, purchase, and sell their information to the black market. To prevent these, banks invest much to the system and people. Threats are changing every time. Banks are requiring new products and technologies and people.
Most countries are running their own computer security team. In the U.S, they prioritize to provide personal freedom and secure people's data and technology marketplace. Canada is having a strategy since 2010. This one has three main goals. Securing government systems and vital private cyber systems. Helping Canadians to be secure online. Also, they provide organizations that can resist cyber threats called "CCIRC"(Canadian Cyber Incident Response Centre). It is for responding to cyber threats, recovering, and providing online repot service. Lastly, China has its organization (China's Central Leading Group for Internet Security and Informatization) since 2014. It supervises almost fields that are related to network security and IT strategy such as economic, policies, cultural, social, and military.
In the next 3 years, most countries will alreay have an orgnanisations or try to establish organisation to protect national network. Also, most of computer security are considered by security manager's programming skills.
What is the likely impact?
Any products that connect to the internet is one of the risk situations. Hackers can easily get user's information easily. This is why people have to focus on cybersecurity. People are finding a more secure strategy. According to experts, In the future, the future of computer security will depend on hacker's behavior. They will try to do new methods and tools for getting affordable data. It means that cybersecurity is facing limitations because defenders can predict every possibilities.
To deal with this problem, the government should have mitigation of these threats and legislate new laws. Like some organizations GDPR and CCPA, governments should follow their steps. Also, using automated systems that can monitor, manage, detect, and prevent these threats is a great idea. Also, companies should change their regulations. They are to focus on their supply chains and it is very vulnerable. Furthermore, hacking skills and tools will develop in the future and companies are collecting user's data, it is quietly important.. So, they have to use and upgrade more effective security solutions. 
In the future, most of the products are connected with the internet and they will be in a poor situation from resisting cyber threats. However, cyber threats are unpredictable. But, there's no doubt that companies and nations will upgrade computer security technology and regulations. Most of companies, nations and IT employees will be affect the most. And the user has to adapt these developments. Computer security manger and experts will be hired by a company and hackers will find ways to break through this technology.
In technology, old security technology will be replaced by new skills like Automated Intelligence. As a result, it will rapidly increase at the employment of related jobs.

How will this affect you?
In my opinion, my friends and family will be in the same situation. Members of the society are using network-connected products like smart devices, computers, and TV. Also, In recent years, It's one of the trends that install IOT devices in the house and apartment when designinging the building. In the future, we have to be familiar with development of cybersecurity. 
Despite, they are in the vulnerable to the cyber attack, people usually don't know this truth. For example, see your parent's phone or friend's computer. They are using it a lot but we can't see any antimalware or vaccine programs. Even the government, banks, and online shopping mall webpages can't protect their user's information. So, exploiting personal device's information is a piece of cake to hackers. But, what happen they download the vaccine programs already? They can protect information from the basic hacking tools and most of cyberattacks.
What is the most common password you think? It's '1234567' and 'password'. Surprise, most people use these password just for easy to remember. Even, one of the biggest hardware company, Intel's top-secret file's password was 'intel123' and popular game series pokemon's top-secret file password was 'pokemon'. Easy to guess a password like these can be a free pass ticket for hackers. However, this problem can be solved by creating a strong password policy. It is good for user to secure the user's password and not leaked by hackers except some inconveniences like requiring longer, changing password regularly, and adding at least 5 numbers.
We are in the poor situation to secure our personal information. But, cybersecurity technology prevents possible cyber threats and helps us remind the threats. In conclusion, cybersecurity is a necessary technology when we connect to the network.


reference : https://www.disruptordaily.com/future-of-cybersecurity/
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Computer_security#cite_note-3
https://mind-core.com/blogs/cybersecurity/5-types-of-cyber-security/
https://www.securities-services.societegenerale.com/en/insights/expert-views/technology/cyber-security-trends-and-implications-financial-services/